chore(gha): Implement a composite action, allowing to invoke the reus… (#148)
camunda/infra-global-github-actions: rerun-failed-run/README.md

### Retrigger Failed Run Action

This composite Github Action can be used to retrigger runs which have failed.

### Usage

> 

Reviewer: Should it also be mentioned that the GitHub Retry App needs to be installed in the target repository?

Author: At the moment the app is installed in all repositories in camunda org https://github.com/organizations/camunda/settings/apps/retrigger-gha-workflow/installations

Reviewer: ah cool, didn't know - then all good.

> To employ this action, provide the ID of the failed run you wish to retry, along with the specific error message you aim to address. This targeted approach helps rerun only those actions that failed due to the specified error, rather than all runs. Furthermore, ensure that the repository from which you invoke this composite action has the following secrets configured: VAULT_ADDR, VAULT_ROLE_ID, and VAULT_SECRET_ID. If these secrets are not configured, please contact the infrastructure team to set them up for you.

Reviewer: Sorry, but this needs to be rewritten for better clarity and precision.

```suggestion
To call this action, you need to provide:

- the ID of a failed GitHub Action workflow run to rerun
- an error message that needs to be present in the workflow run logs
  - this targeted approach helps retrigger only those runs that failed due to the specified error.

You also need ensure that the repository from which you invoke this composite action has the following secrets configured: `VAULT_ADDR`, `VAULT_ROLE_ID`, and `VAULT_SECRET_ID`. 

If these secrets are not present, please contact the infrastructure team to set them up for you.
```

| error-message (required)   | Custom error message to search for in the logs.                                                                                              |
| repository (required)      | The name of the repository containing the workflow to be retried in the format ORG/REPO_NAME (example: `camunda/infra-global-github-action`) |
| vault-addr (required)      | The Vault URL.                                                                                                                               |
| vault-role-id (required)   | The Vault Role ID.                                                                                                                           |
| vault-secret-id (required) | The Vault Secret ID.                                                                                                                         |

### Workflow Example
```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: gcp-core-2-default
    ...

  # rerun the failed job
  rerun-failed-jobs:
    needs: build
    if: failure() && fromJSON(github.run_attempt) < 3 #This limits the job to only be retried two times
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Retrigger job

>         uses: camunda/infra-global-github-actions/rerun-failed-job

Reviewer: it's not called `rerun-failed-job`, but `rerun-failed-run` in this PR.
